Help me sorry
It's all my fault
Sister Yan got into a car accident because of you
You are too old
Should know something
The topic is that you praise me
Doctor, how is my son?
The surgery was a success
The patient injured the head
There may be some sequelae
Send it to Su for observation first
It is safe to wait until the 3-day danger period is over
Doctor, please save my son
We'll do our best.
Gu Qingqing
Haven't you hurt my son badly enough?
I'll tell you what.
From now on, you will never see my son again
Miss Gu
Mother Yan is still angry
Don't go there
I will notify you when Mr. Yan wakes up.
All because of me
If I hadn't listened to his explanation
If I hadn't run away
Don't blame yourself
It's all an accident
If not 5 years ago
Mr. Yan will not be with Gu Siyao anymore
There would be no such thing as today
So it's really their child.
Xiaobao is my child
I won't let him stay here
Mr. Yi
The sample identification results in the morning have come out.
Gu Qingqing and Xiaobao have a parent-child relationship
What!